Education

2024
Vidyalankar Institute of Technology Wadala, MH
B.E Computer Engineering
9.2 CGPA/ 3.74 GPA

2020
CHM college Ulhasnagar, MH
12th-HSC Board Science
82.15%

Skills

Predictive modelling
Forecasting and planning
Project management
SQL
HTML and XML
JavaScript
Database management software

Python
PHP
Problem Solving
MongoDB
CSS
C, C++
Software applications

Experience

September 2023 - October 2023
Sync Interns
Artificial Intelligence Intern

Worked to build a system to detect diseases in plants with accuracy up to 98%.
learned about various data mining algorithms like random forest to reduce overfitting by almost 35%.
learned how to choose and use a data set for training and preprocessing.
Presented information using data visualization techniques, proposing solutions and strategies to drive change and solve problems.
Assessed linkages between system components and implemented improvements to optimize connectivity, compatibility and functionality to reduce the time of prediction by almost 30%.

August 2023 - September 2023
Code Clause
Python Developer

Planned short and long-term delivery objectives for development to keep projects on point with deadlines.
Developed multiple python projects to generate secure passwords for different social media accounts working with 4 team members and 2 industry expert mentors.
learned various libraries and functions of python like Tkinter, pyperclip etc.
Also developed an UI for a calculator as a task.
Learned industry-specific software and application products to actively provide support and improved the scalability of the application to increase the no. of users by 100%.

December 2022 - January 2023
The Sparks Foundation
Web Developer Intern

Developed a banking website which perform basic functions of a banking system like transferring funds checking balance etc. with a team of 3 members.
Divided the work of styling by giving each member a different page of the website to improve the work efficiency by 50% and to learn variety of CSS frameworks.
Learned how to connect database to a webpage.
Dedicated time to personal growth, attending regular training to broaden web development capabilities.
Tested links to identify and rectify discrepancies, determine speed and gauge traffic helping to reduce the traffic by 70%.

Certifications

Blockchain Technology - a quick introduction :

Learned how blockchain technology works in various sectors like finance, healthcare etc.
Learned about decentralized networks and how cryptocurrencies are mined and transacted.

Cloud Computing :

Basics of cloud computing and services offered by various companies like Microsoft Azure, AWS.
Made a project using EC2 and Sagemaker services provided by AWS.

Projects

 Blog Website :

The website allows different users to create their own page and upload their blogs.
The homepage shows the most trending blogs on the website.
Learned about web development and how javascript is used in building websites. Learned about mongoDB.
Learned about different CSS frameworks like Bootstrap, tailwind CSS, Semantic UI etc.

 Movie recommendation system :

The system suggest an user about what movie to watch next based on their earlier watch history.
The system works on content based filtering.
Learned about linear regression and about data warehousing.

Volunteer Experience

 Rotaract International District 3142:

General Body Member, Rotaract Club of Ambernath North (September 2021-August 2022) : Attended various community service projects including beach cleaning drive, clothes donation drive etc.
Board of Director, Rotaract Club of Ambernath Smartcity (August 2023-present) : I was the chairperson for projects like blood donation drives and food donation drives. Was the Sports Director of the club for the year 2023-24. Organized various sports tournaments like cricket, football as well as esports tournaments managing more than 100 participants.